# Predit-Ad's-Success
Machine Learning Challenge by Hackerearth. 
Challenge Link: https://www.hackerearth.com/challenges/competitive/predict-ad-success-hackerearth-machine-learning-challenge/problems/

## Overall Ranking Achieved : 
#### Top 4% on Leaderboard (Score 73.648)
Evaluation Criteria : Accuracy*100

### Problem:
You have been hired by this advertising agency to assess the scope of revenue that can be generated by a proposed ad. Based on the demographic information provided, you need to predict whether the revenue generated will cover costs to produce and air the ad. This will help guide decision making for the firm, as they will want to pursue ads that are likely to generate a net gain for their clients— thereby bolstering the advertising firm’s reputation.

### Task:
This is a binary classification problem where you need to predict whether an ad buy will lead to a netgain.

### Data Description:
Train.csv : 26049 x 12 [including headers] : training data set
Test.csv : 6514 x 11 [including headers] : test data set

**id** : Unique id for each row
**ratings** : Metric out of 1 which represents how much of the targeted demographic watched the advertisement
**airlocation** : Country of origin
**airtime** : Time when the advertisement was aired
**average_runtime(minutes_per_week)** : Minutes per week the advertisement was aired
**targeted_sex** : Sex that was mainly targeted for the advertisement
**genre** : The type of advertisement
**industry** : The industry to which the product belonged
**economic_status** : The economic health during which the show aired
**relationship_status** : The relationship status of the most responsive customers to the advertisement
**expensive** : A general measure of how expensive the product or service is that the ad is discussing.
**money_back_guarantee** : Whether or not the product offers a refund in the case of customer dissatisfaction.
**netgain [target]** : Whether the ad will incur a gain or loss when sold


### Machine Learning Technique used:
Applied ensemble stacking with base models as :KNN, Random Forest, XGBClassifier, DecisionTree.

